[Music]
look out if you see this in WC also
known as the restroom call the police
if you google spy software you'll get
more than 130 million results
unfortunately not all of these devices
are used to protect someone's property a
number of completely innocent everyday
objects might be used to spy on you when
you're at your most vulnerable in the
bathroom for example you'll get to know
why you should be cautious around
certain supposedly ordinary items in a
minute but first click subscribe and
ring the notification bell to join us on
the bright side of life recently the
number of crimes involving spy gadgets
has gone up hidden cameras have been
found in public bathrooms hotels
restaurants and even rental apartments
according to the rules of most rental
services post can't put hidden cameras
in their homes if they have any
surveillance devices they must warn you
about them
in addition such gadgets can't be
located in bedrooms bathrooms or other
private areas disturbingly these rules
aren't always followed you may notice a
pretty air freshener in a public
bathroom or lovely rental apartment
however this air freshener doesn't make
the place smell nice in fact it doesn't
work as an air freshener at all its
purpose is much more sinister it spies
on you try entering air freshener hidden
camera in Google you'll get more than 1
million results naturally sellers
advertise these cameras as items that
can protect your home or office but we
all know that when they get into the
wrong hands
these devices are used for improper and
illegal purposes so nothing better to do
guys come on
who will pay attention to an air
freshener that blends perfectly into its
environment even fewer people will be
able to figure out that it contains a
hidden camera
this device can record video with
surprisingly
hi-resolution depending on its settings
the gadget can record for five hours
non-stop
thanks to a rechargeable battery the
people who set up these hidden cameras
have a remote control to change the
settings between motion detection mode
standby mode and continuous recording
mode some cameras can also be activated
by body heat on top of that the device
can be used with a micro SD card which
has enough memory for five hours of
footage luckily when you know that air
freshner hidden cameras exist it's not a
problem to spot them
the device has a fairly large lens and
some of its sections are Hollow
unfortunately not all spy gadgets are
that easy to detect hidden cameras are
often tiny and this makes it possible to
place them literally everywhere they can
even be put inside toilet balls in
public bathrooms yep this year such a
camera was found perched on the edge of
a toilet in a restaurant bathroom in
Texas a suspicious circle under the
toilet seat turned out to be a camera
lens with the help of some wires it was
connected to the main part which was in
the toilet tank the man who was arrested
for this misdeed was charged with 14
other similar crimes if you stay in a
rental apartment pay particular
attention to things you can find in any
bathroom such as shower gel especially
one for men such a gel may have a
miniscule camera embedded in the wall of
the bottle also since these cameras are
mostly hidden in bottles of men's shower
gel women don't usually pay any
attention to this ordinary object as a
result most shower gel cameras go
unnoticed the most alerting thing is
that the bottle is divided into two
parts if you open the container and look
inside you won't notice anything strange
the top part does contain shower gel but
if you cut the bottle you'll see that
the bottom part is full of wiring the
device can be controlled remotely via
Wi-Fi and a DVR camera
installed in the bottle reacts to motion
the device has a pretty large memory
capacity and can record unsuspecting
victims for hours it's battery allows up
to 20 hours of footage and if it weren't
bad enough the camera also records sound
the check of a shower gel bottle has a
hidden camera make sure there aren't any
holes in the container these holes
typically have reflective features in a
round shape try shaking the bottle to
make sure it's indeed filled with shower
gel squeezing it can help as well if the
bottom part feels hard and doesn't give
way you should probably check what this
bottle really conceals another object
you can find in any bathroom is a
toothbrush for several hundred dollars
one can buy a spy toothbrush on the
Internet these brushes have tiny
high-resolution hidden cameras they
aren't that hard to spot if you know
what to look for if you're in a rental
apartment
a lonely electric toothbrush left on the
washbasin should ring alarm bells in
your head toilet brushes can be as
dangerous as air fresheners toothbrushes
and shower gel bottles they can contain
a hidden camera that's not only
activated by motion but is also
waterproof such devices can be
controlled remotely and are capable of
working for more than 10 hours on a
single charge and what would you say
about a tissue box concealing a hidden
camera surprisingly this isn't a rare
offer online cameras are normally hidden
in the size of tissue boxes the majority
of them can work long hours and are
activated by motion one couple stayed in
a rental apartment in Florida and were
horrified to find a spy camera hidden in
a smoke detector in their bedroom they
managed to detect this device only
because the boyfriend who worked in the
IT world recognized the hidden camera by
that time the apartment had been rented
for two years and its owner had probably
collected a disturbing amount of illegal
videos when you find yourself in an
unfamiliar environment start by
inspecting the area attentively
remember that hidden cameras can turn up
in the most unexpected places smoke
detectors night lights electrical
outlets books or video games standing on
shelves pictures and even stuffed
animals the main part of the camera is
usually well hidden that's why you
should be on the lookout for the camera
lens this is a manageable task thanks to
the lens reflective qualities look for
things that have been put in weird
places for example if it seems that a
decoration is positioned too high or too
low it might contain a hidden camera
check the eyes of stuffed toys they are
often reflective on their own which is
why it's a perfect place to conceal a
spy device turn off the lights in the
room where you're staying cameras even
hidden ones typically have a blinking or
steady red or green light that can give
them away you'll notice these lights in
the dark if the owner of the camera was
too sloppy to install it correctly you
can also use your cell phone as a hidden
camera detector this method isn't too
precise but it may work use your phone
to call somebody then activate the
speakerphone and leave the person you've
called on the line walk around the room
holding your phone in front of you if
you hear an unusual noise such as
buzzing crackling or clicking from the
device you've most likely located a
hidden camera if you're extremely
worried about privacy violations you can
spend around a hundred dollars on a
radio frequency detector this detector
scans a room and if it spots any gadgets
that transmit radio signals it lights up
or starts to beat the radio frequency
detector will notify you about any
device that is sending and receiving
data via Bluetooth or Wi-Fi
the only drawback of the gadget is that
it won't detect a camera if it's just
recording and isn't transmitting what
you should do if you spot a hidden
camera depends on where this has
happened if you're in a rental apartment
immediately inform the rental service
you use to book it after that
you may want to call the police and let
them investigate this incident if you
find a spy camera in a public place
notify the administration and make sure
they will deal with the situation hey my
two cents on this I think spy camera
offenders should do community service
doing in-depth inspections at the bottom
of porta potti tanks during football
games for several years well have you
ever had any experience with hidden
cameras if so tell us about this in the
comment section below remember to hit
the like button share this video with
your friends and join us on the bright
side of life by clicking subscribe
[Music]
you